[MUSIC]
>> Jafar Husain: So
let's make it a little bit shorter so
we don't see that whole event there and
go key code.
>> Jafar Husain: Yeah, once again.
So now we've got a collection of all
the key presses, from now until eternity.
It's never gonna end until we
dispose of the subscription.
What we wanna do now, in order to be able
to go get search results from Wikipedia.
We need to be able to
make a network request.
So that's gonna be a little bit of
a challenge, cuz in JS Bin, from within
JS Bin anyway, you can't make an XHR
request, because it would be cross domain.
But who here has heard of JSONP?
Anybody heard of JSONP?
Right, so that's a neat little
trick we can use to get around
the cross domain restriction.
And thankfully,
Wikipedia supports JSONP APIs.
So let's try and
pull in a jQuery API to do that.
So let's see how we would
do this with jQuery.
So I'm gonna pull in a Wikipedia search.
And let's take a close
look at this function.
There's not much going on here.
You take a term, right, and
then we embed that term into a url.
And notice I've got that little on
the very end, I've got url parameter,
just callback equals question mark.
What jQuery does, it's gonna use that,
it's gonna enter enter something in there,
and then create a callback under the hood.
That's how the JSONP machinery works.
When you download a JSONP request,
it's actually a script,
that invokes a callback.
And so, what's gonna happen, is jQuery is
going to create a local function, give it
a name, and then take that same name,
and give it the callback URL, and then
Wikipedia gives us the request, it's gonna
invoke the function that we just defined.
So if you don't understand all the JSONP
stuff, don't worry too much about it.
It's not really core
to understanding this.
What is core to understanding this,
is that when we execute this function,
all you need to know is that
we've gone to jQuery and
we're printing the result
that we get back from jQuery.
So I'm gonna run search Wikipedia, and
let's look up Terminator.
>> Jafar Husain: And
now I'm gonna clear the console.
run, and look what we got.
We got this object back from Wikipedia.
I'm gonna close the other tab, just for a
momen,t so we can take a close look at it.
So what does it look like?
Well, it looks like it's got this object,
it looks like possibly an array,
with zeros,
that seems like the search we made, and
here seems like an array
of possible searches.
So that array of possible searches is what
we're gonna use for auto complete box.
Does that make sense?
So as we type things in we're
gonna keep hitting Wikipedia and
bring that array of
possible searches back.
But, we don't wanna work with
this weird callback API.
We wanna convert this API into returning
unobservable, cuz that's gonna give us
the powerful combination operators
to squeeze them all together.
So now that we know what
this thing looks like.
Hopefully I can get JS bin to show me
the.
>> Jafar Husain: JS bin
gets a little bit finicky every now and
then, there's a little toolbar up here.
Bear with me.
All right guys we're back.
[LAUGH] Let's get started with Plunker.
Plunker to the rescue.
So I've got J Query and I've got RX.
So now that I've got my text box,
remember we're gonna create
the key presses collection and that's just
a matter of going, well for some actually
going to bring in the observable
sort of keep typing RX observable.
This is implicitly done in your exercises,
by the way, when you go, when you've been
using observable, is the rx, we're
implicitly writing that line of code so
you can use observable
without going rx.observable.
So, let's go Observable.fromEvent,
textbox,
keypress.
>> Jafar Husain: Now,
if I go keypresses.forEach.
>> Jafar Husain: By the way,
anybody know how we can use ES6 and
Plunker?
If you do, just shout it out on
the chat room and that would be better.
>> Jafar Husain: So now if we've done this
correctly, and we can find the run button.
Anybody know what happened
to that run button?
Stop, okay, here we go, run.
>> Jafar Husain: Great,
so did everybody see that?
We've converted our keypresses on
the text box to an observable stream.
So we've got one of our collections.
We've got key presses, and
now we need the other, we need a function
that will give us a collection of one.
That will make a network request for
us from Wikipedia to get those
search results we saw earlier.
So I'm going to comment this out.
So let's go, so I've got jQuery,
so I'm gonna paste in a piece
of code that I had earlier on JS
doc which, somewhere, here we go.
This piece of code which we'll use jQuery
to go out and get a network request.
>> Jafar Husain: From Wikipedia.
So I'm gonna go, see there seems to be
some sort of collaboration going on here.
I notice a people are selecting stuff.
Is that expected?
I think everybody out there
can actually edit this code.
So if you'll tread lightly,
that would be ideal.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] didn't
you?
>> Jafar Husain: Yeah I did.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE].
>> Jafar Husain: Might be like
collaboration mode.
It's all right.
>> Speaker 2: I think maybe just
the highlighter's messed up.
Maybe it's just the highlighter?
>> Jafar Husain: It seemed to
be actually moving.
So, there you go, more.
I don't know if somebody out
there is selecting code but-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, I just [INAUDIBLE].
[LAUGH] I think maybe
people can highlight, but
I don't think they can edit.
>> Jafar Husain: Okay, interesting.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] [LAUGH]
>> Jafar Husain: All right.
Okay, so
you see we explained JSON P already.
I'm gonna call searchWikipedia and
then I'm gonna pass in Terminator.
We get a keyboard event.
That's fine, but, we haven't gotten
our request from the server yet.
I hope that pans out.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] it's
weird to see the before we.
>> Jafar Husain: Let's try and
run through debugger, will that work?
Come on plucker.
I may just have, nope.
I see,
we're good.
There we go.
De bugger should make that network
request and we get, not so obvious, but
we get an object back from the server.
And that all object looks like,
I believe, if you remember,
we had an array where the first item
was actually the search we made, and
the second item I believe
was an array of the results.
So, there we go there's our array
of search results for Terminator.